What trait do you value most in your coworkers right now?
Något jag är stolt över (ej tillåtet att välja sina barn)
En tidsperiod jag skulle vilja uppleva
En framgång jag haft
En person som inspirerar mig eller har inspirerat mig, i livet eller i karriären
Dagen då allt gick åt skogen, trots bästa intentioner
Något jag ser fram emot
Något jag saknar
If someone made a biopic about your life, which actor should play you?
You have just produced a hit movie. How will you avoid letting fame go to your head?
If you can be one of your colleagues for a day who would it be? Why?
Beskriv den senaste veckan som ett fordon
Vilken lukt skulle du använda för att beskriva din dag
Beskriv detta team som ett djur
What is your best dance move? Perform it.
If you were a Simpsons character, who would you be?
En bra matupplevelse
Något jag känner mig osäker på
Något jag gjorde förut som jag inte längre gör
En förändring jag gjort det sista halvåret
Den gången utmanade jag mig själv
Om jag skulle ha en annan karriär skulle jag
Något roligt som hänt sedan sist
En positiv känsla från helgen som jag tar med mig denna vecka
Vad är min viktigaste lärdom de senaste 1/2/3 veckorna
Var befinner jag mig just nu (i livet, i karriären, i tanken osv)
Vad är mina förväntningar på den här dagen/veckan
Vad är min största farhåga
Vad behöver jag lägga på hyllan för att kunna vara här och nu idag
Vad tänker jag bidra med i teamet idag/den här veckan
Min största utmaning just nu
Vad har jag för känsla inför den här dagen/veckan
Den gången blev jag verkligen överraskad
Den gången blev jag verkligen lättad
Så här har jag levt våra värderingar den senaste veckan (exempel)
En sak som man hittar hemma hos mig som speglar mig som person
Vad behöver jag mentalt lägga åt sidan för att kunna ge mitt bästa här och nu
Väder jag minns
Ett exempel på då en kollega varit omhändertagande
Ett exempel på då en kollega visat glädje
Ett exempel på då en kollega visat ägandeskap
Ett exempel på då en kollega visat driv
Ett exempel på då en kollega visat trygghet
Ett exempel på då en kollega visat respekt
Så här har jag bidragit till att uppfylla våra mål denna veckan
Vilket djur/väder/film/saga representerar mitt humör idag?
Ge ett exempel på inkluderande kommunikation
Något oväntat som hänt mig nyligen
Något du inte känner till om mig
Vad jag känner att jag bidrar med i det här teamet
Vad jag har för förhoppningar på det här teamet
Vilken metafor skulle jag använda för att beskriva det här teamet
Vad gör mig tung och vad gör mig lättare just nu
Ibland undrar jag om…
Jag kände mig lycklig när…
Jag vet att jag kan…
Jag är orolig för…
Jag är ledsen för…
Jag tycker att det är svårt att…
Jag blir förtvivlad när jag hör att…
Ingen kan ana att jag…
Snart måste jag bestämma mig för om…
När jag tänker på rött tänker jag på…
Jag är övertygad om att…
Jag har ett stort behov av att…
Jag gillar bäst när det är…
Jag skulle aldrig klara att…
Jag älskar att…
Jag ångrar…
Jag hoppas att jag aldrig…
Nästa år vill jag …
Jag blev arg när…
Om fem år tror jag att jag…
Jag skulle vilja resa till…
Helst av allt vill jag...
Jag tycker att alla borde…
Ibland undrar jag om…
Alla människor borde få…
Jag behöver…
Jag vill aldrig…
Jag njuter av…
Det viktigaste för mig just nu…
Väder jag minns
En rutin jag har
Ett boktips (skönlitterärt)
Min bästa filmupplevelse
Ett svårt problem jag haft
Min favorit bok/film/artikel/…
Den perfekta dagen
Vad är positivt / negativt med att företaget växer
Säg något positivt om kollegan till höger/vänster
Något jag väntar på
Något jag vill utvecklas inom
Vilka unika egenskaper har du, som har visat sig i de bästa och mest produktiva stunderna för dig i jobbet?
If you were not bound by the constraints of time and space and could explore anything in the universe, what would you explore?
What’s the most surprising thing that nobody knows about you?
What is one of your favorite family traditions?
If you could only bring one thing with you on a trip, what would it be?
What is a skill with your hands that you would like to develop?
How do you deal with distraction?
What’s the best concert you’ve been to?
Who was the first person you kissed?
What’s the last thing you did to help a random stranger?
What are you grateful for today that you haven’t yet gotten a chance to say thank you for?
What’s one of your favorite places in the world?
If your life was a hot air balloon and you could throw something overboard to make it float more successfully, what would you jettison?
What was the first album you owned?
What is one of your favorite pieces of art and why?
What’s a habit you have that you’d like to give up or change?
What’s the most dangerous thing you do?
What helps get you in the flow?
What’s your earliest memory?
What is your favorite thing about this season?
What is something you aspire to do before the end of this year?
How do you deal with disappointment?
What is an unusual skill or talent that you have?
What is something you like to cook and make well?
What’s something you’d like to know how to cook?
If you weren’t here right now, where would you be instead?
What is your most valuable travel advice?
What’s one your favorite places in the world?
What is one of the most rewarding or challenging things for you about being in community?
How do you experience magic in your life?
Ignoring all practical restraints, if you could spend a year doing any charitable activity, what would it be?
What is the most surprising / unexpected element of your life?
Do you have a good bullshit detector, and if so, how does it work?
What is a phrase you’d like to hear more? And what is a phrase you’d like to say more?
Which of the sense perceptions are you most attached to and why?
What’s something you said too late?
What did a typical Friday or Saturday night look like for you when you were about 16 years old?
Where do you fall in the sibling lineup (oldest, youngest, middle, single, etc.) and how do you think this has affected you as a person?
If you were going to give a TED talk, what would it be about?
If you could live one year of your life again, what year (age) would that be?
What skill, that you don’t currently have, would you want to develop for life after the apocalypse?
With the skills that you currently have, what will your career be after the apocalypse?
What executive action would you take if you were President of the country?
When you are stressed, anxious, depressed, etc., do you divert yourself or does that make it worse? If you divert yourself, what do you do that works?
What’s the longest time you’ve ever gone without speaking? What was the context?
Do you plan for worst case scenarios? If so, how?
What is your favorite surface to walk on barefoot?
How do you justify your worst habits?
What triggered the last time you had a belly laugh?
What’s the closest you’ve ever come to death?
What is something you know now that you wish you would have known when you were a teenager?
Of all your worldly possessions, what would be the hardest to give up?
Who are you named after?
Describe your feeling with one word, why did you choose that word?
What’s up for you, in your life? What’s one new and interesting thing you’ve been thinking about lately?
What’s one thing that brings you energy and joy?
What kind of a day have you had so far today?
What is your personal weather status (cloudy, foggy, sunny breaks etc)?
What’s one thing that you’re really proud of that you’d like to share with the group?
Why did you accept the invitation to join this gathering?
What are you seeking to learn and contribute?
What’s become apparent since we last met?
What question is being asked of you (or through you) right now?
What words would you use to describe where your head is? And where your heart is?
What are you noticing in your environment that relates to this project?
What are you willing to set aside in order to be present with this conversation?
How are you arriving today? Happening inside and outside themselves at the moment to acknowledge before we begin?
How has the last gathering impacted you and your work?
What is the crossroads where you find yourself at this stage of your life or work or in the project around which we are assembled?
Why are you really here?
(For a group that has been working together for a while, preparing for an event) What makes you tremble as you look ahead at the event? What worries or fears are bubbling up in you?
What led you to accept the invitation?
What would it take for you to be fully present in this room?
If you could invite someone you respect to sit beside you and support you in making this meeting successful, whom would that be?
What’s one thing you hope to get accomplished at today’s meeting?
What is one interest of yours that others in this group might not know about?
What task or concern would you like to set aside so that you can fully concentrate on our work today?
What is a recent success you’ve experienced?
What aspect of your job brings you the most satisfaction?
Given our work so far, what do you feel best about?
What do you like best about weekends
Each share why we are interested in being part of this core team and what we hope to learn or benefit from being a part of it?
Share a one or two word intention you hold for today’s meeting.
What is something you came across recently that gave you hope or inspiration?
Beskriv din helg med ett ord
Berätta om något bra ditt tidigare team gjorde
Berätta om något bra du varit med om på en tidigare arbetsplats
Vad är det bästa med vårt teamet, varför?
Hur skulle du beskriva vårt team för en nära vän?
Något du saknar som du gärna skulle vilja att detta team började med
What do you like best about vacation 
What do you like best about the current season